
Jonathan Jasso

Chicago, IL 60290
1-234-567-89101
jonathan.jasso@student.judsonu.edu

Summary

Goal-oriented Dishwasher with experience in popular restaurant environments. Works efficiently at cleaning dishes, cycling utensils and removing waste. Open and clear communicator with team player mentality when working with kitchen staff, servers, hosts and managers. Ambitious Dishwasher with experience working in busy kitchen settings. Expert at cleaning dishes, polishing glassware and stocking shelves. Diligent, responsible and punctual with solid understanding of cleaning, sanitation, restocking and other tasks. Hardworking IT with more than 2 months of experience in technology and advanced settings. Knowledgeable about working with many sorts of machinery

Skills

Hazardous chemical handling
Kitchen station support
Health code requirements
Sanitizing protocols
High efficiency

Cleaning procedures
Equipment operation
Troubleshooting skills
Project planning
Time management

Experience

October 2020 to Current
Alexian Brothers Behavioral Health Hospital Hoffman Estates, IL
Dishwasher    

Scrubbed pots, pans and trays by hand or cleaned using industrial washing machine.
Kept dishware, glasses and utensils ready for all customer needs by quickly scraping, washing and restacking items.
Loaded and unloaded dishwashers, washing by hand large pots or items used on continuous basis.
Developed great team spirit with other personnel by pitching in and helping with task completion.
Sanitized counters and wiped down surfaces following food preparation to prevent cross-contamination from raw meats.
Restocked main kitchen areas with items from shelves, coolers and freezers.
Repaired and maintained dishwashing machine to keep dishes clean and kitchen running smoothly.
Replaced clean utensils in storage bins for easy access.

August 2019 to November 2019
Downers Grove North High School Downers Grove, IL
Intern    

Worked well in team environment as well as independently.
Responded to assistance requests from users and directed individuals through basic troubleshooting tasks.
Explained technology-related details in easy-to-understand terms to individuals from different backgrounds and in various job positions.

June 2018 to August 2018
McDonald's Woodridge, IL
Cook    

Sanitized food preparation areas, grills and equipment to avoid cross-contamination from raw items.
Operated ovens, fryers and mixers safely to prevent kitchen accidents and machinery malfunction.
Set up and performed initial prep work for food items such as soups, sauces and salads.
Maintained consistent quality and high accuracy when preparing identical dishes every day.

Education and Training

Expected in August 2024 Judson University Elgin, IL
Bachelor of Science  

Accomplishments

Led team to achieve faster working day, earning recognition from upper management and financial reward.

Activities and Honors

Member, Small Business Association (2008 - present)


